doc: clarify curve order for normalize s (#9667)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui/offline_signing.md

1. The internal hash used by ECDSA must be SHA256 [SHA-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2) hash of the transaction data. We use SHA256 because it is supported by [Apple](https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/89619), HSMs, and [cloud](https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/89619), and it is widely adopted by [Bitcoin](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm).
2. The signature must be of length 64 bytes in the form of `[r, s]` where the first 32 bytes are `r`, the second 32 bytes are `s`.
3. The `r` value can be between 0x1 and 0xFFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFE BAAEDCE6 AF48A03B BFD25E8C D0364140 (inclusive).

> 4. The `s` value must be in the lower half of the curve order. If the signature is too high, please convert it to a lower `s` according to [BIP-0062](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0062.mediawiki#low-s-values-in-signatures) with the corresponding curve orders using `order - s`. For Secp256k1, the curve order is `0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFEBAAEDCE6AF48A03BBFD25E8CD0364141`. For Secp256r1, the curve order is `0xFFFFFFFF00000000FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFBCE6FAADA7179E84F3B9CAC2FC632551` defined [here](https://secg.org/SEC2-Ver-1.0.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `s` value must be in the lower half of the curve order. If the signature is too high, please convert it to a lower `s` according to [BIP-0062](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0062.mediawiki#low-s-values-in-signatures) with the corresponding curve orders using `order - s`. For Secp256k1, the curve order is `0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFEBAAEDCE6AF48A03BBFD25E8CD0364141`. For Secp256r1, the curve order is `0xFFFFFFFF00000000FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFBCE6FAADA7179E84F3B9CAC2FC632551` defined in [Standards for Efficient Cryptography](https://secg.org/SEC2-Ver-1.0.pdf).
```
Suggestion to help users know where they might end up before clicking the link.
